README.md, before:

# IGME340.01Proj1 - MagChat
Repository for the first project for Multi Media App Development, MagChat

ScreenShots for first milestone

![alt text](https://github.com/NothingButNewts/IGME340.01Proj1/blob/master/MS1/MS1-1.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/NothingButNewts/IGME340.01Proj1/blob/master/MS1/MS1-2.png)

Edited code from first excercise so words have more space in their containers and automatically align themselves in neat rows. Also added launchscreen that stretches to fit every device.

![alt text](https://github.com/NothingButNewts/IGME340.01Proj1/blob/master/MS1/MS1-3.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/NothingButNewts/IGME340.01Proj1/blob/master/MS1/MS1-4.png)

More screenshots of the AppIcon on the simulatotors and the launchscreen.

Screenshots for the second milestone

Removed the status bar from the top of the screen
![alt text](https://github.com/NothingButNewts/IGME340.01Proj1/blob/master/MS2/MS2-1.png)

The menus have 3 options for 3 different lists of words
![alt text](https://github.com/NothingButNewts/IGME340.01Proj1/blob/master/MS2/MS2-2.png)

Picking done after selecting a theme will clean the old labels and put new ones on the view
![alt text](https://github.com/NothingButNewts/IGME340.01Proj1/blob/master/MS2/MS2-3.png)

Commit message:

Added some features to the readme

README.md, after:

# IGME340.01Proj1 - MagChat
Repository for the first project for Multi Media App Development, MagChat
Developed by Isaac Walerstein and Peter Woodsum

Proposed features for the final project:
- Adding an option to select a background color/image 
- Add an option to change the size of the words(and their hitbox)
- Add an option to clear the poem
- Add an option to keep words between themes
- Add options to change color/font/style of words

ScreenShots for first milestone

![alt text](https://github.com/NothingButNewts/IGME340.01Proj1/blob/master/MS1/MS1-1.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/NothingButNewts/IGME340.01Proj1/blob/master/MS1/MS1-2.png)

Edited code from first excercise so words have more space in their containers and automatically align themselves in neat rows. Also added launchscreen that stretches to fit every device.

![alt text](https://github.com/NothingButNewts/IGME340.01Proj1/blob/master/MS1/MS1-3.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/NothingButNewts/IGME340.01Proj1/blob/master/MS1/MS1-4.png)

More screenshots of the AppIcon on the simulatotors and the launchscreen.

Screenshots for the second milestone

Removed the status bar from the top of the screen
![alt text](https://github.com/NothingButNewts/IGME340.01Proj1/blob/master/MS2/MS2-1.png)

The menus have 3 options for 3 different lists of words
![alt text](https://github.com/NothingButNewts/IGME340.01Proj1/blob/master/MS2/MS2-2.png)

Picking done after selecting a theme will clean the old labels and put new ones on the view
![alt text](https://github.com/NothingButNewts/IGME340.01Proj1/blob/master/MS2/MS2-3.png)
